
?- TRINITY -? 																				
				
Rules / Flow: 																					
0.0 - There are 3 base tiles: Life, Commerce and Industry plus the Army tile. 		 	
0.1 - on the Table there is the Board, an Event Stack and the Civilisation Stack ( now called E. and C. Stack ) 			
1.0 - All players take 5 tiles (2 - 4 players)
1.1 - Life = 20pts, Comm = 10pts, Indus = 1pts. The person with most points starts (with a Tie discard and redraw) 		 	
2.0 - At the start of a turn take one Tile from the C. Stack plus one tile for every Trinity you have. 				
3.0 - Place the Life, Comm & Industry tiles adjacent to your other tiles in an orthogonal way	
4.0 - A trinity is formed when a Life tile is connected to a Comm and Industry tile of the same player  	
4.0 - If a trinity has formed, Stack the tiles on the Life space with the Life tile on top then Commerce and then Industry 	
4.1 - After stacking, take an Event card read it silently, and placed it closed in front of you. ( Based on the event, some must played directly while others give a tactical advantage in a chosen turn ) 	
5.0 - You can convert a Trinity for three Army tiles creating a "Barracks" tower ( These tiles are replaced with the tiles forming the Trinity) 	
5.1 - Army tiles can be removed from the barracks to fortify or damage base tiles or to damage other Barracks. (tile for tile) 	
5.2 - To create a fortification, place an army tile on top of an owned tile or Trinity 	
5.2 - You can only attack and destroy a tile or trinity by having the same stack height of army tiles as the attacked stack.
6.0 - A turn is over when no moves can be made by the player (draw phase - placement phase - attack phase)
6.1 - After the turn is over, the player left of him/her is next. 	
7.0 -	When the board is filled with tiles, All Trinities are counted, the person with the most Trinities has won the game. 
	
	
About:
Theme			Simulation of Civilisation
System		The expansion of life though Supply and Demand
Create		Trinities to expand and fortify 
Transform	A Trinity into three Army tokens 	
Twist			With every Trinity an event unfolds 
Destroy		Use your army to fortify your tiles or destroy others 
Recycle		Tiles destroyed are returned to the Civilisation Stack
Dominate	The board with trinities when all tiles are filed to win


The board is a default chessboard checkered 8x8 tiled grid.
rendered in isometric perspective.

Technologies used: Webgl, Canvas, GLSL.

Do not use external libraries.

Style:
- minimalistic
- isometric 3D
- lines
- light greys and white
- soft pastels for color shading
- luminesence
- soft transparencies
- refraction

Visuals:
- Board is visible from 45 degree angle top down
- tiles are milky - transparent rounded tiles with refraction and shiny sides but rough textured tops.
- tiles luminate softly when hovered in a smooth way in and out.